[Music]
welcome to Iron Man 2 crammed released
in 2010 and with a lot more studio
pressure everyone returns to see what's
next for the suddenly popular Marvel
superhero let's go over in Russia Ivan
Vanko Consol's his father on his
deathbed howling with anger he's been
following Starks career and it appears
Fat Tony is not the only genius as Ivan
is able to do what most cannot recreate
a working arc reactor of his own but
this man has a grudge Tony however is
having a great time and blasts his way
down in his Mach 4 for a fireworks
display to the main stage of the stark
Expo looks like his ego is still in full
effect as he pulls a gold finger to
reveal a suit beneath his armor as he
plays to the crowd but offstage he has
to check the toxicity levels of his
blood and we get to see life through his
eyes as his chief of security and the
film's director happy hogan takes him
through a bustling crowd hello Stan and
out to the sports car whether served a
subpoena to appear before the Senate
Armed Services Committee you see senator
stern wants him to hand over the Iron
Man suit to the government but Stark is
still just having fun however Justin
Hammer of hammer industries and Tony's
main if uninspired rival also wants fat
tech and Rhodey is also called to appear
oh he's played by Captain Planet now and
he's just not happy to be there at all
looks like other countries are now
trying to make their own suits but it's
pointed out to everyone that the North
Korean copies are a joke the Iranian
ones crash and Verte actually hammer has
also been trying to copycat a suit much
to the detriment of the pilot he won't
give over his technology to these clowns
and is keeping his World Peace
privatized but Ivan has completed
construction on his rig and it's
something a bit more whippy and he gets
his hands on a forged passport and
tickets to the races in Monaco back home
Tony Jarvis and Robottom are living the
bachelor dream but vie Iron Man's suit
is burning through the palladium caused
to his arc reactor he's running out of
time and options as the device keeping
him alive is also slowly poisoning him
to death pepper is still having to
manage his outrageous billionaire
excesses including his Expo ego project
and tired of bowing to other people's
agendas he decides to make pots one of
the few people he trusts the new
Stark Industries CEO she stunned but it
was always her that's been keeping the
whole thing together so Pepper gets her
own legal secretary who gets Tony's
attention and Potts reminds him that
sexual harassment lawsuits can be very
costly however she appears to have an
unusually impressive resume and can
handle herself in the ring it's for rich
persons Grand Prix in Monaco and Tony
surprises pepper with a full complement
of staff oh and hammer is here also
being rich and cocky yeah it's not quite
with the same gusto
Justin's military contract got revoked
after Tony outed his off-brand combat
suits of the hearing but hammers got
plans for the stark Expo well Tony's
busy because he's not spectating at the
races but competing much to the dismay
of everyone he drives at a professional
level but Ivan steps onto the track in
his reactor harness and whiplashes four
cars apart in a single stroke pepper and
happy make for the track to back up Tony
whose racecar also gets sliced clean
open in front of a crowd this crazy guy
doesn't seem to give an F as cars crash
and burn all around him and Tony does
his best to avoid getting shredded
before team Stark run venko over in for
Bentley Ivan keeps going however and
happy keeps hitting him with the car
Buster somewhat frustrated Tony tries to
get the Mach 5 suitcase armor from a
panicking pepper before they all die
this portable emergency suit has lighter
armor and limited flight but it's a
welcome tool in a pinch and although
venko is able to peel away it for
thinner plates with his arc whips Tony
manages to bind up his attack before
knocking him down and popping out his
reactor crazy Ivan however looks
anything but defeated and hammer gets a
boner no one is able to identify the man
but Tony wants a word with the guy who's
manufactured his own arc technology and
used it to attack him instead of just
selling it off for a tidy sum Ivan calls
Tony the son of a family of thieves and
butchers and that his reactor design
comes from his own father
Anton Vanko he's going to prison but
knows that Tony's core is made from
palladium and it's killing him so the
senate's want to use that shitshow is
leverage to pull Tony down and pepper
wants to know what secrets he's keeping
to himself
meanwhile it looks like someone from
behind four scenes is orchestrating
Ivan's breakout from prison and
providing a substitute body that you
have to prepare for yourself so he
smuggled out in the confusion and taken
to a private aircraft hangar to meet
Justin hammer
he puts on a show but might not have
really judged just what kind of devil
he's dealing with Ivan tried killing
Tony but hammer suggests that they work
together to kill his legacy instead
using his mind with hammers resources
Ivan in the meantime already has hammer
pegged as weak pepper and the new
secretary are trying to manage for media
backlash from Monaco whilst Rhodey pops
down to see Tony who has discovered that
Anton Vanko is a Soviet double agent
scientist with Ivan following in his
father's wake being imprisoned for
selling plutonium on the black market
with crazy people out there now
brandishing suits technology Rhodey can
no longer protect his friend from the
army forcibly taking his suits and
discovers Fitz stark is on limited time
hammer shows Ivan his shitty prototypes
and venko cracks for software and
moments in order to take a look Hamill
wants to outdo stark and be top dog with
his own tech and Ivan seems happy to
help make that happen a dying Tony
prepares for possibly his last birthday
by getting absolutely sloshed
and despite solid advice he continues to
party hard and is essentially a drunkard
with a gun and Rhodey knows it's only a
matter of time before someone gets hurt
so he grabs for mark to suit from the
basement and tells everybody that the
party is over and the two buddies
proceed to wreck the place as they try
to beat each other into submission
thanks to Tony's self-destructive
tendencies foreplay turns nasty as they
push each other to see what they'll do
spoiling the evening with her best
friend beam to beam disappointed Rhodes
leaves with the suit but the air force
is absolutely thrilled to have one of
their own to play with hungover and
depressed director Nick Fury takes Tony
for a donut and it turns out for peppers
secretary is actually agent Romanov a
shield shadow ops agent who's been
assigned to keep an eye on stock whilst
he essentially has a breakdown and it
seems that Tony didn't activate four
security locks in Rhodey's suit Loki
allowing his friend to take it after all
they take the edge off at palladium
poisoning but it's not a permanent fix
Tony has tried every possible
replacement for the core but fury
suggests that there's something he's not
finding hammer tries bullshitting venko
over his bird from Russia and Ivan
throws it right back at him see he's
converted all of the suits into
unpiloted drones and hammer has no
option but to bend over to the change
unless he can get his hand on something
else for the expo well with the Air
Force having their own suit to keep the
Senate's happy
hammer industries has bought into
weaponize it with a big arsenal of
firepower for them to turn for mark to
into a war machine fury let's Tony know
virtus father conceived of the arc
reactor only as a stepping stone for
something greater with venko senior just
being for flip side of that coin
stealing plans for profit fury knew
Tony's father because he was actually
one of the founding members of shield
and Tony must unlock his father's secret
so he goes for his dad's old staff who
was clearly quite dismissive of child
Tony but he's left a message for his
adult son hidden in his old recordings
telling him that the Expo is for key to
the future leaving a heartfelt message
through time pepper is busy running for
company and doesn't have much time for
Tony but he spots for secret hidden in
plain sight
not the expo but literally the expo
model and breaking it down to a digital
projection at home it's starting to look
like an atom Howard Stark was proposing
a new element
so Tony builds a prismatic accelerator
for his house like you do and other than
cutting his foundations in half he
creates an entirely new reactor core out
of a brand new element sick of not
seeing results hammer Petrenko under
house arrest but Ivan phones Tony to let
him know not only that he's still alive
but also about to ruin his day so
without time to lose he plugs in the new
reactor and ride that high it's Expo
time and Hammer puts on a slightly less
impressive entrance for his turn on
stage but those hammer drones do look
pretty formidable even if all that they
can apparently do right now is salute
and Rhodey takes center stage with war
machine the hammer modified air force
mark - Tony flies in with the new mark 6
reactor suits to interrupt the show and
warns Rhodey that hammer has been
working with venko in secret and that
four people are in danger but it's too
late and think a remotely hijacks roadie
suit and locks onto Iron Man with
gunfire before giving chase against
roadies will along with all of the Air
Force drones Jarvis is unable to hack
into war machine remotely and Stark has
to take endless evasive action from the
incoming attacks hammer realizes he'd
been locked out of his own systems and
with a little persuasion he tells agent
Romanoff that Ivan has been operating
out of his own facility so she heads out
with happy to intervene the navy drones
start to attack for people with shell
fire while the army drones target
Ironman Vanko increases for tactical
pressure of his attack but stark still
manages to keep an eye on four people
before continuing his narrow escape he
can outmaneuver most of them but
Rhodey's suit is no joke and loaded for
war with high-level firepower romanov
and happy infiltrate for hammer base and
Natasha uses her special training and
advanced weaponry to take down a score
of guards with ease and also kind of
scissor boom a lot in the face I wish I
was a bad guy happy also helps but who's
counting
however Ivan has already left stark maps
out a high velocity maneuver but the
drones can't keep up with and most are
destroyed before Rhodey smashes him into
the Japanese gardens it's a closed thing
for Stark in the face of point-blank
gunfire but Romanoff manages to reboots
Rhodey's suit she's pleased to see that
Tony is no longer dying with the new
reactor and pepper is not too happy to
hear that he's been keeping secrets
weave Rhodey back in control of his own
suits the pair reconcile except they
bicker for too long and end up right in
the kill zone for the final showdown so
it's a straight-up balls-out destruction
session with Tony's advanced suit
beating and blasting drones to pieces
whilst Rhodey lays down a torrent of
freeway gunfire that shreds them apart
so stark 1ups everybody with a laser
beam special to finish for show even if
it's only a one use trick pepper makes
sure that hammer is arrested and
overseas the last of the evacuation
ensuring the park is clear but in flies
venko with his latest whiplash suit
Rhodey tries a bunker missile but it's
made by hammer tech and therefore junk
and whiplash his suit is designed with
fighting Iron Man in mind he slices
roadies guns and throws from both all
over the place with its energy cable
attacks locking them both down in chokes
fortunately vova boys remember the power
of friendship from Tony's birthday party
and they fire a combined blast if it
takes four Russian down but he's pulled
a predator and the suit along with every
drone is rigged to blow so Stark goes
full neo to reach pepper and pluck her
from danger just in time she's really
not happy with all this stress and does
her best to quit but denied in the first
film they finally have their rooftop
kiss oh my god so Rudy's gonna be
keeping his suit and Stark gets his
debrief for a fury and Tony's just not
quite Avengers material so he's just
going to consult for now for a favor in
return
Rhodian starker receiving medals for
their valor and senator stone is forced
to publicly hell them both as heroes
oh and Agent Coulson finds a hammer
somewhere what about last four so thanks
a lot for watching guys and I hope
you've enjoyed having Iron Man 2 crammed
inside of you I really want to deliver
some recaps but contain more than just a
three-minute quickie devil so that
everyone can get caught up on the MCU
phase one where things first got rolling
so don't forget to subscribe and I'll
see you next time take care